okay hello everybody my name is Lizzie
olz and um yeah I have been posting in a
while why um I got a new thing my Bob
and I knew like King um so like in the
last video I got 2 new fidget spinners
so I got in you okay um it's not just a
nurse but you might be wondering what
this like rope around my neck is and
it's a little LifeStraw I need pop dish
it's like a necklace Trevor
this is actually my dad soon whatever
but this is how work seems like it's
really instructions right here and
LifeStraw so my batteries well Katoch um
there's like this tube right here okay
and yeah you do that
and there's also a long time here so
basically it says that you can't drink
out of anything and I'll filter it at
the bottom there's like a net thing if
that's so cute
um they basically um from this -
so you're drinking it and then you blow
out I'll like the three water I guess
your wherever you're drinking and when
you're done close it back up and there
you go it's actually pretty hard to like
suck and blow out some reason but yeah I
love this thing so yeah it's all for you
hope you enjoyed antiphon not sponsored